MANIFEST.in
pyproject.toml
bin/AutoHotkey.exe
fonts/SourceHanSansHW-Regular.otf
ksaa_res.egg-info/PKG-INFO
ksaa_res.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
ksaa_res.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
ksaa_res.egg-info/top_level.txt
models/en_PP-OCRv3_rec_infer.onnx
models/japan_PP-OCRv3_rec_infer.onnx
models/japan_PP-OCRv4_rec_infer.onnx
ui/p_idols/倉本千奈_Campus mode!!.png
ui/p_idols/倉本千奈_Wonder Scale.png
ui/p_idols/倉本千奈_ようこそ初星温泉.png
ui/p_idols/倉本千奈_仮装狂騒曲.png
ui/p_idols/倉本千奈_初心.png
ui/p_idols/倉本千奈_学園生活.png
ui/p_idols/倉本千奈_日々、発見的ステップ！.png
ui/p_idols/倉本千奈_胸を張って一歩ずつ.png
ui/p_idols/十王星南_Campus mode!!.png
ui/p_idols/十王星南_一番星.png
ui/p_idols/十王星南_学園生活.png
ui/p_idols/十王星南_小さな野望.png
ui/p_idols/姫崎莉波_Campus mode!!.png
ui/p_idols/姫崎莉波_L.U.V.png
ui/p_idols/姫崎莉波_clumsy trick.png
ui/p_idols/姫崎莉波_『私らしさ』のはじまり.png
ui/p_idols/姫崎莉波_ようこそ初星温泉.png
ui/p_idols/姫崎莉波_キミとセミブルー.png
ui/p_idols/姫崎莉波_ハッピーミルフィーユ.png
ui/p_idols/姫崎莉波_初心.png
ui/p_idols/姫崎莉波_学園生活.png
ui/p_idols/月村手毬_Campus mode!!.png
ui/p_idols/月村手毬_Luna say maybe.png
ui/p_idols/月村手毬_アイヴイ.png
ui/p_idols/月村手毬_一匹狼.png
ui/p_idols/月村手毬_仮装狂騒曲.png
ui/p_idols/月村手毬_初声.png
ui/p_idols/月村手毬_学園生活.png
ui/p_idols/有村麻央_Campus mode!!.png
ui/p_idols/有村麻央_Feel Jewel Dream.png
ui/p_idols/有村麻央_Fluorite.png
ui/p_idols/有村麻央_はじまりはカッコよく.png
ui/p_idols/有村麻央_キミとセミブルー.png
ui/p_idols/有村麻央_初恋.png
ui/p_idols/有村麻央_学園生活.png
ui/p_idols/篠泽广_Campus mode!!.png
ui/p_idols/篠泽广_コントラスト.png
ui/p_idols/篠泽广_ハッピーミルフィーユ.png
ui/p_idols/篠泽广_一番向いていないこと.png
ui/p_idols/篠泽广_仮装狂騒曲.png
ui/p_idols/篠泽广_光景.png
ui/p_idols/篠泽广_初恋.png
ui/p_idols/篠泽广_学園生活.png
ui/p_idols/紫云清夏_Campus mode!!.png
ui/p_idols/紫云清夏_Tame-Lie-One-Step.png
ui/p_idols/紫云清夏_カクシタワタシ.png
ui/p_idols/紫云清夏_キミとセミブルー.png
ui/p_idols/紫云清夏_初恋.png
ui/p_idols/紫云清夏_夢へのリスタート.png
ui/p_idols/紫云清夏_学園生活.png
ui/p_idols/花海佑芽_Campus mode!!.png
ui/p_idols/花海佑芽_The Rolling Riceball.png
ui/p_idols/花海佑芽_White Night! White Wish!.png
ui/p_idols/花海佑芽_アイドル、はじめっ！.png
ui/p_idols/花海佑芽_学園生活.png
ui/p_idols/花海咲季_Boom Boom Pow.png
ui/p_idols/花海咲季_Campus mode!!.png
ui/p_idols/花海咲季_Fighting My Way.png
ui/p_idols/花海咲季_わたしが一番！.png
ui/p_idols/花海咲季_冠菊.png
ui/p_idols/花海咲季_初声.png
ui/p_idols/花海咲季_古今東西ちょちょいのちょい.png
ui/p_idols/花海咲季_学園生活.png
ui/p_idols/葛城リーリヤ_Campus mode!!.png
ui/p_idols/葛城リーリヤ_White Night! White Wish!.png
ui/p_idols/葛城リーリヤ_一つ踏み出した先に.png
ui/p_idols/葛城リーリヤ_冠菊.png
ui/p_idols/葛城リーリヤ_初心.png
ui/p_idols/葛城リーリヤ_学園生活.png
ui/p_idols/葛城リーリヤ_白線.png
ui/p_idols/藤田ことね_Campus mode!!.png
ui/p_idols/藤田ことね_White Night! White Wish!.png
ui/p_idols/藤田ことね_Yellow Big Bang！.png
ui/p_idols/藤田ことね_カワイイ♡はじめました.png
ui/p_idols/藤田ことね_世界一可愛い私.png
ui/p_idols/藤田ことね_冠菊.png
ui/p_idols/藤田ことね_初声.png
ui/p_idols/藤田ことね_学園生活.png